Do you realize how outrageous it is
to abuse love and friendship like this?
Your ex-husband David, the future heir
to the wizard throne, used women in the name of love.
If he could do it, why can't I?
As long as I win, I am the truth.
History is written by its victims.
How do you plan to win?
By deceiving your friends,
because I will not be fooled by you again.
No matter.
Once I give birth, I will be the mother of the heir.
The last mother of the heir, Julie,
was almost sacrificed by her own son.
Every throne is built on blood.
Even your sweet, charming hank,
face with power, would turn into a demon
willing to sacrifice you without thinking it once.
My value to my lover is not in my sacrifice.
It is in my presence.
So naive on your part.
As your affection diminishes,
your own falling will become painfully clear.
You're wrong, Linda.
The real fool is the one who drags others
into their schemes.
No, no, no.
What is happening?
Why is this happening?